ooh you have to get up now something
really really awesome to show you
you sure dick on my face we are going to
Galveston for your birthday we deserve
this no more harasses on yep let's go to
the [ __ ] beach no cuz we actually
have to work tomorrow
sucks for y'all the beach next week sure
not hittin up our dog's party we have to
see Roderick sober ladies Stevie in the
morning why don't you get [ __ ] up I'm
just like hang vermin and say hey
is this seriously how you coming work do
a high as [ __ ] you cannot leave me alone
here because I will literally die hey
you know I'm disappointed you to work
right honey
working hard entertaining this hair
one of the only things about this place
I don't hate go do something with your
lives
I'm not going anywhere without you what
the [ __ ] are you doing that's a bee
should see your dirty dirty girls
oh that's so stupid
oh you are no stupid not be able to see
god damn that's it for today's show
oh yeah no I told you I couldn't I
thought you went last night there's no
privacy in that place you know that dude
that's not healthy
[Music]